Update default Secrets name for system users (#363)
percona/k8spsmdb-docs: docs/system-users.md

## System users Secrets

> The default name of the Secrets object for the system users is `percona-server-mongodb-users`. It is referenced in the `spec.secrets.users` field of the Custom Resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default name of the Secrets object for the system users is `percona-server-mongodb-users`. If `spec.secrets.users` is defined in the Custom Resource, the Operator uses that name instead. The sample configuration sets this field to `<cluster-name>-secrets` (for example, `my-cluster-name-secrets`).
```

Reviewer: I would reword here since `percona-server-mongodb-users` is used when the `spec.secrets.users` field is undefined.
